Type of Machine Learning based on the type of data that is provided to the model/algorithm.
    1. Supervised Learning
    2. Unsupervised Learning
    3. Semi-supervised Learning
    4. Batch vs Online learning
    5. Instance based learning vs model-based learning
    6. Reinforcement learning

Supervised Learning:
    K-nearest neighbor
    Linear regression
    Logistic regression
    Support vector machines (SVM)
    Decision trees and random forests

Unsupervised Learning:
    Clustering
        K-means clustering
        Hierarchical clustering analysis (HCA)
        Expectation Maximization
    Visualization and Dimensionality reduction
        Principal component analysis (PCA)
        Kernel PCA
        Locally-linear embedding (LLE)
        t-distributed Stochastic neighbor embedding (tSNE)
    Association rule learning
        Apriori
        Eclat
    Dimensionality Reduction (Task rather than a type of learning)
        Feature extraction
    Anomaly detection (Task)

Semi-supervised learning:
    Deep Belief Networks (based on Restricted Boltzmann machines(RBM)) stacked on top of each other

Reinforcement Learning:
    Agent learns based on policy and updates policy as it learns new things or about existing things in a new way.

Batch Learning:
    Incapable of learning incrementally, needs a lot of compute power and needs to be trained on full set of data,
    every time you have new sets of data. (called offline learning)

Online learning:
    Train system incrementally by feeding small set of data called mini-batches sequentially.
    Online learning algorithms can be used to train systems on huge datasets that can't be fit into one machine's
    main memory (out-of-core-learning). It loads small set of data, trains the algo/system and then repeats the process
    until it has run on entire dataset.

Generalization approaches:
    Instance based learning
        The system learns the examples by heart, then generalizes to new cases using a similarity measure.
    Model based learning
        Another way to generalize from a set of examples is to build a model of these examples and
        then use that model to make predictions.

Main challenges of Machine Learning:
    Insufficient quantity of training data
    Poor quality data
    Irrelevant features
    Non-representative training data
    Overfitting
    Underfitting